Replace all mentions of Uninett with Sikt (#364)
Uninett/Argus: docs/about-argus.rst

For this reason, the *Argus alert aggregator* was developed.

At Sikt, not only do we have multiple monitoring systems, but as we provide
monitoring as a service for customers, we often have multiple instances of the
same monitoring systems. Our aim was to aggregate all alerts into a single,
coherent dashboard system. This dashboard provides a comprehensive overview of
all currently active incidents across all services to our first line of

> support, the Sikt Servicecenter. It serves as a single place to manage

Reviewer: "Service Center" is still two words 😄

Reviewer: ```suggestion
support, the Sikt Service Center. It serves as a single place to manage
```
